Use export at the end consistently (#26756)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/react_components/index.md

## Rendering with iteration

To render our array of objects, we have to turn each object into a `<Todo />` component. JavaScript gives us an array method for transforming items into something else: [`Array.prototype.map()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map).

> Above the return statement of `App()`, make a new `const` called `taskList`. Let's start by transforming each task of the `props.tasks` array into their `name`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Above the return statement of `App()`, make a new `const` called `taskList`. Let's start by transforming each task in the `props.tasks` array into its `name`:
```

```jsx

> const taskList = props.tasks.map((task) => task.name);

Reviewer: I believe the optional was added for a reason, probably somebody complained that it doesn't work if you don't pass the `tasks` prop. Maybe check git history?

Author: You’re indeed correct: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11007. Reverted.
